Add how to handle Ruby default gems to README (#11119)
theforeman/foreman-packaging: README.md

    copr-cli delete-package --name rubygem-example @theforeman/$PROJECT-nightly-staging

## Handle gems that are default Ruby gems

> Look at https://stdgems.org/ and see if a gem is listed as a default gem. The website https://docs.ruby-lang.org/en/master/NEWS_md.html can also help in determining what will or is default and for what version of Ruby.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look at https://stdgems.org/ and see if a gem is listed as a default gem. The [development release notes](https://docs.ruby-lang.org/en/master/NEWS_md.html) can also help in determining what will or is default and for the next version of Ruby.
```
